README.md, before:

# MOSmitter
A simple AM 20m 14.3MHz ham transmitter using 2 mosfets
EasyEDA link to [MOSmitter](https://oshwlab.com/simonko912/tests)

Part list:
 2 N type mosfets (SP40N02GTD)
 2 4.7k resistors (For audio)
 1 14.3MHz crystal SMD (For carrier)
 3 10ohm resistors (For safety)
 2 150pF capacitors (Film caps)
 1 1uF capacitor (Film cap)
 2 100uF electrolytic capacitors (Smooth 5v and 30v)
 1 Aux input 
 1 3-Pin header (For 5v, 30v and GND)
 1 1-Pin header for antena
 1 LED
 1 220ohm resistor (For led) 
 1 PCB 

[BOM (LTSC)](https://www.lcsc.com/personalCenter/myProject/5499373816002DC23D7A4FDA4E53A5CA)
~$8.39 (Some parts in bulk, soon gonna be replaced)
[JLCPCB](https://cart.jlcpcb.com/quote?fileId=744c9d1508734a43890dd6b218d14d7c&uuid=4b9c4bc9b2dd47d69ba4bd974758b8fe&achieveDate=72&eadLink=2&electropolishingOnlyNo=no&from=eda-pro)
~$4

Est with shipping: ~$15
<img width="1172" height="793" alt="pcb" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35824a78-8c1b-4c5e-8769-7b48a669e906" />

<img width="1535" height="876" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d452de60-929e-4675-97dc-69c6baec9e2c" />

Commit message:

Update README with parts, buying info, and images
Added part list, buying information, images, and transmitter info.

README.md, after:

# MOSmitter
A simple AM 20m 14.3MHz ham transmitter using 2 mosfets
EasyEDA link to [MOSmitter](https://oshwlab.com/simonko912/tests)

## Part list:
 2 N type mosfets (SP40N02GTD)
 2 4.7k resistors (For audio)
 1 14.3MHz crystal SMD (For carrier)
 3 10ohm resistors (For safety)
 2 150pF capacitors (Film caps)
 1 1uF capacitor (Film cap)
 2 100uF electrolytic capacitors (Smooth 5v and 30v)
 1 Aux input 
 1 3-Pin header (For 3.3v, 30v and GND)
 1 1-Pin header for antena
 1 LED
 1 220ohm resistor (For led) 
 1 PCB 
 
3 pin header pinout
3.3v
12 - 30v 
GND

## How to buy?

[BOM (LTSC)](https://www.lcsc.com/personalCenter/myProject/5499373816002DC23D7A4FDA4E53A5CA)
~$8.39 (Some parts in bulk, soon gonna be replaced)
[JLCPCB](https://cart.jlcpcb.com/quote?fileId=744c9d1508734a43890dd6b218d14d7c&uuid=4b9c4bc9b2dd47d69ba4bd974758b8fe&achieveDate=72&eadLink=2&electropolishingOnlyNo=no&from=eda-pro)
~$4

Est with shipping: ~$15

## Images
<img width="1172" height="793" alt="pcb" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35824a78-8c1b-4c5e-8769-7b48a669e906" />
<img width="1535" height="876" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d452de60-929e-4675-97dc-69c6baec9e2c" />

## Info about transmitter

None, no one made it yet. Be first to [make it](https://github.com/Simonko-912/MOSmitter/edit/main/README.md#how-to-buy)
